Part I
make a directory called first
mkdir first

change directory to the first folder
cd ./first

create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv persont.txt another.txt

make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cd .. && cp -R ./first/ ./second

delete the second folder
rm -rf ./second

Part II
What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
up and down arrows to scroll, "q" to get out

Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
The -l flag lists in long format. The -a flag includes directory entries whose names begin with a dot (.).

How do you jump between words in the terminal?
Hold down ALT on a mac and press either the left or right arrows

How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
CTRL + E

How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
CTRL + A

How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
CTRL + W

What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
The terminal is an application that gives us the ability to interact with our computer through the CLI while a shell is the program that actually runs inside the terminal and processes the commands, returns output.

What is an absolute path?
An absolute path is the full pathway to a directory starting from the root dir of your computer

What is an relative path?
The relative path is the pathway from where you are now to where you want to end up

What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A flag is a command modifier that modifies the output. Examples include: ls -la, cat -e, cp -R

What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
The -r flag attempts to remove the file hierarchy rooted in each file argument and the -f flag removes the prompts about confirmations regardless of the file's permissions.